Add instructions to readme for certificate rollover (#15)
temporalio/tcld: README.md

```
> :warning: If the update removes a certificate, any clients (tctl/workers) still using the removed certificate will fail to connect to the namespace after the update completes.

> #### Performing a Certificate Rollover:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Performing a certificate rollover:
```

> It's important to do a rollover process when updating your CA certificates. This allows your namespace to serve both CA certs for a period of time until traffic to your old cert is gone. To do this follow these steps:

Reviewer: In the interest of global English, I recommend spelling out "cert" globally (`s/cert/certificate/`). If not, shorten "certificate" in step 3 for consistency.

> 1. Create a single file that contains both your old and new CA cert pem blocks. You can do this by simply concatenating each pem block on a new line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a single file that contains both your old and new CA cert PEM blocks. You can do this by simply concatenating the PEM blocks on adjacent lines.
```

Author: small nit here: I feel that programmers might understand "new line" more than "adjacent lines"

```
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
... old CA cert ...
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
... new CA cert ...
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
```

> 2. Run the update accepted-client-ca command with the new CA cert bundle file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the `update accepted-client-ca` command with the new CA cert bundle file.
```

3. Monitor traffic to your old certificate until it is gone.
4. Create a new CA cert bundle file with the old cert removed.

> 5. Run the update accepted-client-ca command again with the new file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the `update accepted-client-ca` command again with the new file.
```
